README.md, before:

# [github-drama](https://github.com/nikolas/github-drama)

This is a curated collection of "dramatic" github interactions. Click on the
[Commits](https://github.com/nikolas/github-drama/commits/master) button to look at the latest drama.

## Contributing to github-drama

This repo is intended to point out comical interactions that come up in the world of
software development, and not to harass anyone. Sometimes tensions build up in
online interactions, and the intention of github-drama is to allow
participants to take a step back from the drama and say to themselves, "damn,
I need to chill".

### How do I find drama?
Go into a GitHub project's issues, and sort by "Most commented" or "Most reactions".

### What qualifies as drama?
There's no agreement on what's considered dramatic enough to be included
in github-drama. Everyone has a different sense of humor. There are plenty
of "non-serious" github threads, where the usual github politeness gives
way to reaction gifs and one-word replies, turning into something like a
4chan thread but less funny.

This repository follows the guideline that if anyone in the thread appears to
be getting worked up about something, it can be considered for inclusion here.
If a repository's maintainer has locked conversation on a thread, that's also
a good indicator that it could be included here.

--

[albertodemichelis/squirrel/pull/67](https://github.com/albertodemichelis/squirrel/pull/67)

[ambv/black/issues/118](https://github.com/ambv/black/issues/118)

[audacity/audacity/pull/835](https://github.com/audacity/audacity/pull/835)

[ant-design/ant-design/issues/13098](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/13098)

[ariya/phantomjs/issues/15345](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs/issues/15345)

[aspnet/Home/issues/2022](https://github.com/aspnet/Home/issues/2022)

[atom/tree-view/pull/804](https://github.com/atom/tree-view/pull/804)

[atom-minimap/minimap/issues/588](https://github.com/atom-minimap/minimap/issues/588)

[bower/bower/issues/1102](https://github.com/bower/bower/issues/1102)

[bower/bower/pull/1748](https://github.com/bower/bower/pull/1748)

[chrisaljoudi/uBlock/pull/1517](https://github.com/chrisaljoudi/uBlock/pull/1517)

[CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/pull/51079](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/pull/51079)

[CVarisco/community-story/pull/1](https://github.com/CVarisco/community-story/pull/1)

[dear-github/dear-github/issues/107](https://github.com/dear-github/dear-github/issues/107)

[django/django/pull/2692](https://github.com/django/django/pull/2692)

[docker/docker/pull/31075](https://github.com/docker/docker/pull/31075)

[docker/docker.github.io/issues/6910](https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/issues/6910)

[docker/for-mac/issues/1120](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/1120)

[doktornotor/pfsense-still-closedsource](https://github.com/doktornotor/pfsense-still-closedsource)

[dominictarr/event-stream/issues/116](https://github.com/dominictarr/event-stream/issues/116)

[dotnet/cli/issues/3093](https://github.com/dotnet/cli/issues/3093)

[dotnet/csharplang/issues/993](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/993)

[dotnet/roslyn/pull/3507](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/pull/3507)

[facebook/react/issues/10191](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/10191)

[flathub/flathub/pull/1978](https://github.com/flathub/flathub/pull/1978)

[flutter/flutter/issues/11609](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/11609)

[golang/go/issues/21956](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/21956)

[golang/go/issues/33021](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/33021)

[google/googletest/issues/1660](https://github.com/google/googletest/issues/1660) Horrible Documentation

[google/googletest/issues/1666](https://github.com/google/googletest/issues/1666) Absolutely a Waste of Time

[GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy/pull/209](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy/pull/209)

[greatsuspender/thegreatsuspender/issues/1175](https://github.com/greatsuspender/thegreatsuspender/issues/1175)

[grimfang4/sdl-gpu/issues/2](https://github.com/grimfang4/sdl-gpu/issues/2)

[Homebrew/homebrew-core/issues/24654](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/issues/24654) (archived: [https://web.archive.org/web/20180305121204/http://cc.bingj.com/cache.aspx?q=https%3a%2f%2fgithub.com%2fHomebrew%2fhomebrew-core%2fissues%2f24654&d=695653734807&mkt=en-WW&setlang=en-US&w=Pu9hVlBoNKrKONMP0ZEtZ0J600Qly9xB](https://web.archive.org/web/20180305121204/http://cc.bingj.com/cache.aspx?q=https%3a%2f%2fgithub.com%2fHomebrew%2fhomebrew-core%2fissues%2f24654&d=695653734807&mkt=en-WW&setlang=en-US&w=Pu9hVlBoNKrKONMP0ZEtZ0J600Qly9xB))

[Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151) (deleted, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20190512053827/https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151))

[Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683](https://github.com/Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683) (deleted, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20190629075855/https://github.com/Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683))

[irungentoo/toxcore/issues/1227](https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/issues/1227)

[jashkenas/underscore/issues/1805](https://github.com/jashkenas/underscore/issues/1805)

[jasperla/openbsd-wip/issues/86](https://github.com/jasperla/openbsd-wip/issues/86)

[jdm-contrib/justdelete.me/issues/86](https://github.com/jdm-contrib/justdelete.me/issues/86) (mirrors: [1](https://archive.fo/DNf2M))

[joyent/libuv/pull/1015](https://github.com/joyent/libuv/pull/1015)

[JuliaLang/IJulia.jl/issues/398](https://github.com/JuliaLang/IJulia.jl/issues/398)

[jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/359](https://github.com/jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/359)

[jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/390](https://github.com/jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/390)

[kenwheeler/slick/issues/681](https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/issues/681)

[kmmbvnr/django-jenkins/issues/349](https://github.com/kmmbvnr/django-jenkins/issues/349)

[kraih/mojo/issues/656](https://github.com/kraih/mojo/issues/656)

lerna/lerna
* [/pull/1616](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1616)
* [/pull/1619](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1619)
* [/issues/1622](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1622)
* [/issues/1625](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1625)
* [/issues/1628](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1628)
* [/issues/1630](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1630)
* [/pull/1631](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1631)
* [/issues/1632](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1632)
* [/pull/1633](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1633)

[spatie/laravel-newsletter/pull/228](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-newsletter/pull/228)

[Microsoft/TypeScript/pull/3622](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/pull/3622)

[Microsoft/web-build-tools/issues/673](https://github.com/Microsoft/web-build-tools/issues/673)

[Microsoft/vscode/issues/32405](https://web.archive.org/web/20170817095211/https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/32405)

[Microsoft/vscode/issues/54261](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/54261)

[mishoo/UglifyJS2/issues/2054](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2/issues/2054)

[moment/moment/issues/1407](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407)

[moxystudio/node-cross-spawn/pull/102](https://github.com/moxystudio/node-cross-spawn/pull/102)

[mozilla/addon-sdk/commit/169a05b9764674b6ad3fb1c6ea1cbf3c7edf8db0#commitcomment-14824459](https://github.com/mozilla/addon-sdk/commit/169a05b9764674b6ad3fb1c6ea1cbf3c7edf8db0#commitcomment-14824459)

[mozilla-jetpack/jpm/pull/357/commits](https://github.com/mozilla-jetpack/jpm/pull/357/commits)

[MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/issues/123](https://github.com/MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/issues/123)

[NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/371](https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/371)

[NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/4952](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/4952)

[nixxquality/WebMConverter/commit/c1ac0baac06fa7175677a4a1bf65860a84708d67](https://github.com/nixxquality/WebMConverter/commit/c1ac0baac06fa7175677a4a1bf65860a84708d67)

[nodejs/inclusivity/issues/9](https://github.com/nodejs/inclusivity/issues/9)

[nodejs/node/issues/3721](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/3721)

[nodejs/node/pull/4765](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/4765)

[nodejs/TSC/issues/8](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/8)

[nodejs/readable-stream/pull/238](https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream/pull/238)

[npm/npm/issues/19883](https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/19883)

[opal/opal/issues/941](https://github.com/opal/opal/issues/941)

[opencart/opencart/issues/1269](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120150725/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/1269)

[opencart/opencart/issues/3834](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120051637/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/3834)

[opencart/opencart/issues/1534](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120151012/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/1534)

[opencart/opencart/pull/219](https://github.com/opencart/opencart/pull/219)

[opencart/opencart/pull/1594](https://github.com/opencart/opencart/pull/1594)

[OpenTTD/OpenTTD/issues/7731](https://github.com/OpenTTD/OpenTTD/issues/7731)

palantir/tslint
* [/issues/4132](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4132)
* [/issues/4140](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4140)
* [/issues/4141](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4141)

[P-H-C/phc-winner-argon2/issues/182](https://github.com/P-H-C/phc-winner-argon2/issues/182)

[PiotrGrochowski/Consolas/issues/1](https://github.com/PiotrGrochowski/Consolas/issues/1)


[PolyMC/PolyMC/commit/ccf2825](https://github.com/PolyMC/PolyMC/commit/ccf282593dcdbe189c99b81b8bc90cb203aed3ee)

[PolyMC/PolyMC/issues/656](https://github.com/PolyMC/PolyMC/issues/656)


[PowerShell/PowerShell/pull/1901](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/pull/1901)

[projecthamster/hamster/issues/574](https://github.com/projecthamster/hamster/issues/574)

[promises-aplus/promises-spec/issues/94](https://github.com/promises-aplus/promises-spec/issues/94)

[ptsteadman/notebook/pull/1](https://github.com/ptsteadman/notebook/pull/1)

[pyca/cryptography/issues/5771](https://github.com/pyca/cryptography/issues/5771)

[pypa/pipenv/issues/1050](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv/issues/1050)

[python/mypy/issues/11492](https://github.com/python/mypy/issues/11492)

[rails/rails/issues/5228](https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/5228)
* [rails/rails/commit/b83965785db1eec019edf1fc272b1aa393e6dc57](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/b83965785db1eec019edf1fc272b1aa393e6dc57)

[rails/rails/issues/9894](https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/9894)

[rails/rails/pull/5329](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/5329)

[resque/resque/issues/1406](https://github.com/resque/resque/issues/1406)

[rms-open-letter](https://rms-open-letter.github.io/)

[rollup/rollup/issues/2716](https://github.com/rollup/rollup/issues/2716)

[spring-projects/spring-hateoas/issues/66](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-hateoas/issues/66)

[standard/standard/issues/1381](https://github.com/standard/standard/issues/1381)

[stevemao/left-pad/issues/4](https://github.com/stevemao/left-pad/issues/4)

[strongloop/loopback/issues/1079](https://github.com/strongloop/loopback/issues/1079)

[syl20bnr/spacemacs/pull/3484](https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs/pull/3484)

[systemd/systemd/issues/1143](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/1143)

[systemd/systemd/issues/2402](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/2402)

[systemd/systemd/issues/5644](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/5644)

[systemd/systemd/issues/5755](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/5755)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6237](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6237)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6259](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6259)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6369](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6369)

[tc39/proposal-cancelable-promises/issues/70](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-cancelable-promises/issues/70)

[telegramdesktop/tdesktop/issues/96](https://github.com/telegramdesktop/tdesktop/issues/96)

[tip4commit/tip4commit/issues/127](https://github.com/tip4commit/tip4commit/issues/127)

[todogroup/opencodeofconduct/pull/70](https://github.com/todogroup/opencodeofconduct/pull/70)

[tootsuite/mastodon/pull/9898](https://github.com/tootsuite/mastodon/pull/9898)

[twbs/bootstrap/issues/3057](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/3057)

[twitter/scrooge/issues/222](https://github.com/twitter/scrooge/issues/222)

[ValveSoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671)

[ValveSoftware/Source-1-Games/issues/2475](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Source-1-Games/issues/2475)

[vcflib/vcflib/issues/206](https://github.com/vcflib/vcflib/issues/206)

[vimeo/player.js/issues/28](https://github.com/vimeo/player.js/issues/28)

[WhisperSystems/Signal-Android/issues/127](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Android/issues/127)

[WICG/interventions/issues/18](https://github.com/WICG/interventions/issues/18)

[Jguer/yay/issues/496](https://github.com/Jguer/yay/issues/496)

[zenparsing/es-observable/pull/97](https://github.com/zenparsing/es-observable/pull/97)

[Delgan/loguru/issues/563](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru/issues/563)


[@webdevdrama](https://twitter.com/webdevdrama) on Twitter

Commit message:

Clarify that we will grant everyone write access.

README.md, after:

**Important:**

To edit, open a pull request. **We will merge it as soon as we see the notification.**

To edit a large amount of content, open an issue saying so. **We will grant you write access.**

# github-drama (community fork)

The GitHub drama community forked and created this repository in 2022 because the original maintainer is inactive.

All community members edit collaboratively and enjoy a liberal editing policy similar to Wikipedia.

Old repository: https://github.com/nikolas/github-drama

This is a curated collection of "dramatic" github interactions.

## Contributing to github-drama

This repo is intended to point out comical interactions that come up in the world of
software development, and not to harass anyone. Sometimes tensions build up in
online interactions, and the intention of github-drama is to allow
participants to take a step back from the drama and say to themselves, "damn,
I need to chill".

### How do I find drama?
Go into a GitHub project's issues, and sort by "Most commented" or "Most reactions".

### What qualifies as drama?
There's no agreement on what's considered dramatic enough to be included
in github-drama. Everyone has a different sense of humor. There are plenty
of "non-serious" github threads, where the usual github politeness gives
way to reaction gifs and one-word replies, turning into something like a
4chan thread but less funny.

This repository follows the guideline that if anyone in the thread appears to
be getting worked up about something, it can be considered for inclusion here.
If a repository's maintainer has locked conversation on a thread, that's also
a good indicator that it could be included here.

--

[albertodemichelis/squirrel/pull/67](https://github.com/albertodemichelis/squirrel/pull/67)

[ambv/black/issues/118](https://github.com/ambv/black/issues/118)

[audacity/audacity/pull/835](https://github.com/audacity/audacity/pull/835)

[ant-design/ant-design/issues/13098](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/13098)

[ariya/phantomjs/issues/15345](https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs/issues/15345)

[aspnet/Home/issues/2022](https://github.com/aspnet/Home/issues/2022)

[atom/tree-view/pull/804](https://github.com/atom/tree-view/pull/804)

[atom-minimap/minimap/issues/588](https://github.com/atom-minimap/minimap/issues/588)

[bower/bower/issues/1102](https://github.com/bower/bower/issues/1102)

[bower/bower/pull/1748](https://github.com/bower/bower/pull/1748)

[chrisaljoudi/uBlock/pull/1517](https://github.com/chrisaljoudi/uBlock/pull/1517)

[CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/pull/51079](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/pull/51079)

[CVarisco/community-story/pull/1](https://github.com/CVarisco/community-story/pull/1)

[dear-github/dear-github/issues/107](https://github.com/dear-github/dear-github/issues/107)

[django/django/pull/2692](https://github.com/django/django/pull/2692)

[docker/docker/pull/31075](https://github.com/docker/docker/pull/31075)

[docker/docker.github.io/issues/6910](https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/issues/6910)

[docker/for-mac/issues/1120](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/1120)

[doktornotor/pfsense-still-closedsource](https://github.com/doktornotor/pfsense-still-closedsource)

[dominictarr/event-stream/issues/116](https://github.com/dominictarr/event-stream/issues/116)

[dotnet/cli/issues/3093](https://github.com/dotnet/cli/issues/3093)

[dotnet/csharplang/issues/993](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/993)

[dotnet/roslyn/pull/3507](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/pull/3507)

[facebook/react/issues/10191](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/10191)

[flathub/flathub/pull/1978](https://github.com/flathub/flathub/pull/1978)

[flutter/flutter/issues/11609](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/11609)

[golang/go/issues/21956](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/21956)

[golang/go/issues/33021](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/33021)

[google/googletest/issues/1660](https://github.com/google/googletest/issues/1660) Horrible Documentation

[google/googletest/issues/1666](https://github.com/google/googletest/issues/1666) Absolutely a Waste of Time

[GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy/pull/209](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy/pull/209)

[greatsuspender/thegreatsuspender/issues/1175](https://github.com/greatsuspender/thegreatsuspender/issues/1175)

[grimfang4/sdl-gpu/issues/2](https://github.com/grimfang4/sdl-gpu/issues/2)

[Homebrew/homebrew-core/issues/24654](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/issues/24654) (archived: [https://web.archive.org/web/20180305121204/http://cc.bingj.com/cache.aspx?q=https%3a%2f%2fgithub.com%2fHomebrew%2fhomebrew-core%2fissues%2f24654&d=695653734807&mkt=en-WW&setlang=en-US&w=Pu9hVlBoNKrKONMP0ZEtZ0J600Qly9xB](https://web.archive.org/web/20180305121204/http://cc.bingj.com/cache.aspx?q=https%3a%2f%2fgithub.com%2fHomebrew%2fhomebrew-core%2fissues%2f24654&d=695653734807&mkt=en-WW&setlang=en-US&w=Pu9hVlBoNKrKONMP0ZEtZ0J600Qly9xB))

[Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151) (deleted, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20190512053827/https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services/issues/151))

[Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683](https://github.com/Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683) (deleted, [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20190629075855/https://github.com/Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/issues/50683))

[irungentoo/toxcore/issues/1227](https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/issues/1227)

[jashkenas/underscore/issues/1805](https://github.com/jashkenas/underscore/issues/1805)

[jasperla/openbsd-wip/issues/86](https://github.com/jasperla/openbsd-wip/issues/86)

[jdm-contrib/justdelete.me/issues/86](https://github.com/jdm-contrib/justdelete.me/issues/86) (mirrors: [1](https://archive.fo/DNf2M))

[joyent/libuv/pull/1015](https://github.com/joyent/libuv/pull/1015)

[JuliaLang/IJulia.jl/issues/398](https://github.com/JuliaLang/IJulia.jl/issues/398)

[jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/359](https://github.com/jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/359)

[jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/390](https://github.com/jquery/download.jqueryui.com/issues/390)

[kenwheeler/slick/issues/681](https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/issues/681)

[kmmbvnr/django-jenkins/issues/349](https://github.com/kmmbvnr/django-jenkins/issues/349)

[kraih/mojo/issues/656](https://github.com/kraih/mojo/issues/656)

lerna/lerna
* [/pull/1616](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1616)
* [/pull/1619](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1619)
* [/issues/1622](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1622)
* [/issues/1625](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1625)
* [/issues/1628](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1628)
* [/issues/1630](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1630)
* [/pull/1631](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1631)
* [/issues/1632](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1632)
* [/pull/1633](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/pull/1633)

[spatie/laravel-newsletter/pull/228](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-newsletter/pull/228)

[Microsoft/TypeScript/pull/3622](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/pull/3622)

[Microsoft/web-build-tools/issues/673](https://github.com/Microsoft/web-build-tools/issues/673)

[Microsoft/vscode/issues/32405](https://web.archive.org/web/20170817095211/https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/32405)

[Microsoft/vscode/issues/54261](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/54261)

[mishoo/UglifyJS2/issues/2054](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2/issues/2054)

[moment/moment/issues/1407](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/1407)

[moxystudio/node-cross-spawn/pull/102](https://github.com/moxystudio/node-cross-spawn/pull/102)

[mozilla/addon-sdk/commit/169a05b9764674b6ad3fb1c6ea1cbf3c7edf8db0#commitcomment-14824459](https://github.com/mozilla/addon-sdk/commit/169a05b9764674b6ad3fb1c6ea1cbf3c7edf8db0#commitcomment-14824459)

[mozilla-jetpack/jpm/pull/357/commits](https://github.com/mozilla-jetpack/jpm/pull/357/commits)

[MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/issues/123](https://github.com/MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/issues/123)

[NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/371](https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra/issues/371)

[NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/4952](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/4952)

[nixxquality/WebMConverter/commit/c1ac0baac06fa7175677a4a1bf65860a84708d67](https://github.com/nixxquality/WebMConverter/commit/c1ac0baac06fa7175677a4a1bf65860a84708d67)

[nodejs/inclusivity/issues/9](https://github.com/nodejs/inclusivity/issues/9)

[nodejs/node/issues/3721](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/3721)

[nodejs/node/pull/4765](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/4765)

[nodejs/TSC/issues/8](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/8)

[nodejs/readable-stream/pull/238](https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream/pull/238)

[npm/npm/issues/19883](https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/19883)

[opal/opal/issues/941](https://github.com/opal/opal/issues/941)

[opencart/opencart/issues/1269](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120150725/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/1269)

[opencart/opencart/issues/3834](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120051637/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/3834)

[opencart/opencart/issues/1534](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120151012/https://github.com/opencart/opencart/issues/1534)

[opencart/opencart/pull/219](https://github.com/opencart/opencart/pull/219)

[opencart/opencart/pull/1594](https://github.com/opencart/opencart/pull/1594)

[OpenTTD/OpenTTD/issues/7731](https://github.com/OpenTTD/OpenTTD/issues/7731)

palantir/tslint
* [/issues/4132](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4132)
* [/issues/4140](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4140)
* [/issues/4141](https://github.com/palantir/tslint/issues/4141)

[P-H-C/phc-winner-argon2/issues/182](https://github.com/P-H-C/phc-winner-argon2/issues/182)

[PiotrGrochowski/Consolas/issues/1](https://github.com/PiotrGrochowski/Consolas/issues/1)


[PolyMC/PolyMC/commit/ccf2825](https://github.com/PolyMC/PolyMC/commit/ccf282593dcdbe189c99b81b8bc90cb203aed3ee)

[PolyMC/PolyMC/issues/656](https://github.com/PolyMC/PolyMC/issues/656)


[PowerShell/PowerShell/pull/1901](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/pull/1901)

[projecthamster/hamster/issues/574](https://github.com/projecthamster/hamster/issues/574)

[promises-aplus/promises-spec/issues/94](https://github.com/promises-aplus/promises-spec/issues/94)

[ptsteadman/notebook/pull/1](https://github.com/ptsteadman/notebook/pull/1)

[pyca/cryptography/issues/5771](https://github.com/pyca/cryptography/issues/5771)

[pypa/pipenv/issues/1050](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv/issues/1050)

[python/mypy/issues/11492](https://github.com/python/mypy/issues/11492)

[rails/rails/issues/5228](https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/5228)
* [rails/rails/commit/b83965785db1eec019edf1fc272b1aa393e6dc57](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/b83965785db1eec019edf1fc272b1aa393e6dc57)

[rails/rails/issues/9894](https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/9894)

[rails/rails/pull/5329](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/5329)

[resque/resque/issues/1406](https://github.com/resque/resque/issues/1406)

[rms-open-letter](https://rms-open-letter.github.io/)

[rollup/rollup/issues/2716](https://github.com/rollup/rollup/issues/2716)

[spring-projects/spring-hateoas/issues/66](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-hateoas/issues/66)

[standard/standard/issues/1381](https://github.com/standard/standard/issues/1381)

[stevemao/left-pad/issues/4](https://github.com/stevemao/left-pad/issues/4)

[strongloop/loopback/issues/1079](https://github.com/strongloop/loopback/issues/1079)

[syl20bnr/spacemacs/pull/3484](https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs/pull/3484)

[systemd/systemd/issues/1143](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/1143)

[systemd/systemd/issues/2402](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/2402)

[systemd/systemd/issues/5644](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/5644)

[systemd/systemd/issues/5755](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/5755)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6237](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6237)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6259](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6259)

[systemd/systemd/issues/6369](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/6369)

[tc39/proposal-cancelable-promises/issues/70](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-cancelable-promises/issues/70)

[telegramdesktop/tdesktop/issues/96](https://github.com/telegramdesktop/tdesktop/issues/96)

[tip4commit/tip4commit/issues/127](https://github.com/tip4commit/tip4commit/issues/127)

[todogroup/opencodeofconduct/pull/70](https://github.com/todogroup/opencodeofconduct/pull/70)

[tootsuite/mastodon/pull/9898](https://github.com/tootsuite/mastodon/pull/9898)

[twbs/bootstrap/issues/3057](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/3057)

[twitter/scrooge/issues/222](https://github.com/twitter/scrooge/issues/222)

[ValveSoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671)

[ValveSoftware/Source-1-Games/issues/2475](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Source-1-Games/issues/2475)

[vcflib/vcflib/issues/206](https://github.com/vcflib/vcflib/issues/206)

[vimeo/player.js/issues/28](https://github.com/vimeo/player.js/issues/28)

[WhisperSystems/Signal-Android/issues/127](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Android/issues/127)

[WICG/interventions/issues/18](https://github.com/WICG/interventions/issues/18)

[Jguer/yay/issues/496](https://github.com/Jguer/yay/issues/496)

[zenparsing/es-observable/pull/97](https://github.com/zenparsing/es-observable/pull/97)

[Delgan/loguru/issues/563](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru/issues/563)


[@webdevdrama](https://twitter.com/webdevdrama) on Twitter
